Overhaul README.md (#98)
coreruleset/go-ftw: README.md

## Example Usage

The go-ftw is designed to run Web Application Firewall (WAF) unit tests. The primary focus is the [OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set](https://github.com/coreruleset/coreruleset).

In order to run the tests, you need to prepare the following:

1. Active WAF
2. Log where the WAF writes the alert messages

> 3. go-ftw config file `.ftw.yaml` in the local folder or in your home folder (see section "YAML Config file" for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. go-ftw config file `.ftw.yaml` in the local folder or in your home folder (see [YAML Config file](https://github.com/coreruleset/go-ftw#yaml-config-file) for more information).
```

4. At least one unit test in (go)-ftw's yaml format.

### YAML Config file

With the configuration set paths for your environment, enable and disabled features and you can also use it to alter the test results.

The config file has four basic values:

* `logfile` : path to WAF log with alert messages, relative of absolute

> * `logmarkerheadername` : name of a HTTP header used for marking log messages, usually `X-CRS-TEST` (see section "How log parsing works" below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `logmarkerheadername` : name of a HTTP header used for marking log messages, usually `X-CRS-TEST` (see [How log parsing works](https://github.com/coreruleset/go-ftw#how-log-parsing-works) below)
```

* `testoverride` : a list of things to override (see "Overriding tests" below)>
* `mode` : "default" or "cloud" (only change it if you need "cloud")
```

__Example__:

```yaml
logfile: /apache/logs/error.log
logmarkerheadername: X-CRS-TEST
testoverride:

> mode: "default"

Reviewer: Maybe we want to add more examples:
- this has mostly everything set, with the logfile being absolute
- add a relative logfile example
- add a minimal config: the bare minimum needed is the `logfile`.

web server / WAF is not syncing the file fast enough. That results in a situation where `go-ftw` won't find the log messages it has triggered.

To make log parsing consistent and guarantee that we will see output when we need it, `go-ftw` will send a request that is meant to write a marker into the log file before the individual test and another marker after the individual test.

If `go-ftw` does not see the finishing marker after executing the request, it will send the marker request again until the webserver is forced to write the log file to the disk and the marker can be found.

The [container images for Core Rule Set](https://github.com/coreruleset/modsecurity-crs-docker) can be configured to write these marker log lines by setting
the `CRS_ENABLE_TEST_MARKER` environment variable. If you are testing a different test setup, you will need to instrument it with a rule that generated the marker in the log file via a rule alert (unless you are using "cloud mode").

The rule for CRS looks like this:

```
# Write the value from the X-CRS-Test header as a marker to the log
SecRule REQUEST_HEADERS:X-CRS-Test "@rx ^.*$" \

>   "id:900910,\

Reviewer: If you change it here, you need probably to change it all over the place. In particular, [here](https://github.com/coreruleset/modsecurity-crs-docker/blob/b0603c1832a38eb578eefce462218f367af7c88e/src/opt/modsecurity/activate-rules.sh#L133)
